Grizzlies have been known to abandon their cubs. They will abandon single cubs so they can try for a larger litter next year.
Humans killed the world's oldest animal. Ming the clam was 507 years old and the oldest living animal. Humans accidentally killed it.
Pluto didn't even get a birthday as a planet (i.e., make a full orbit around the sun). Between its discovery in 1930 and the stripping of its planet status, the object didn't make a full trip.
Pigs can get depressed.
CPR doesn't usually work. In the movies this always works, but CPR mostly fails to revive.
Scientists have found the loneliest whale. There's a whale that sings at a frequency other whales can't pick up, so it swims alone.
The more you know, the worse it gets. The more you know about a subject, the harder it is to talk about it with people who don't know as much as you do.
Arguing does NOTHING. If faced with a dissenting opinion, people are more likely to double down on their beliefs.
Most people think they're perfect. No one will come out and say they're perfect, but most people consider themselves to be "above average" at just about everything, which is just not true. They tend to grossly overestimate their abilities, including the one about remaining objective and fact-based.
On its year anniversary, one of the Mars rovers was programmed to play "Happy Birthday." To itself. Alone.
The facts don't change people's minds. You can talk yourself blue in the face and have a whole list of evidence, but that's not going to change someone's mind. In fact, they'll probably be stronger in their resolve.
Mars is entirely populated by robots. They'll never meet each other because they're on opposite sides of the planet.
Obesity is more common than hunger. No, hunger is still a problem. It's just that more people are threatened by obesity now.
Your brain begins to deteriorate at about 27.
Silver medalists feel worse about their accomplishments than bronze medalists.
This is the Amur leopard. There are only 30 left in the world.
Cat bites are linked to depression. A study showed that women who suffered cat bites severe enough to need medical treatment tended to have higher frequencies of depression. But do cat bites cause depression, or does depression cause owning cats?
There are mites reproducing on your eyelashes right now.
Puppy eyes mean nothing. Despite looking very, very sorry, dogs don't feel remorse. Those guilty dogs might not be so guilty after all.
Cuckoos are homewreckers. Cuckoos get other birds to raise their young for them by laying eggs in their nests. The young cuckoos are larger than the other babies, and will kick them out of the nest.
There are nearly 210 million orphans in the world.
75% of the total deaths during World War II were civilians (nearly 50 million people).
A typical cow in the European Union receives a government subsidy of $2.20 a day. The cow earns more than 1.2 billion of the world's poorest people.
80% of the world population lives on less than $10 per day.
Studies at the University of Kent have shown that the majority of people donate to charity to feel good about themselves.
According to a study by NASA engineers, it was found that 60 out of 1000 drivers would go out of their way to hit animals on the road (don't worry, they were fake, and yes, NASA engineers actually performed this study).
One fourth of humanity lives without electricity.
Cargo ships and cruise liners dump 14 billion pounds of garbage into the ocean every year.